hello welcome back to learn English with
Minecraft this is the series where I
teach English while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and hopefully
today I'm going to finally beat
Minecraft
mhm in the last video I found this
stronghold
underground and inside the stronghold I
found the end portal I placed Eyes of
Ender all
around the end portal all around
it and completed it so in this video I'm
going going to go through the end portal
to the end world where I will fight the
Ender Dragon all right I think I have
everything that I will need to fight the
Ender
Dragon I have my potions I have some
food some
blocks my bow and my
arrows I think I have everything that I
will need
so let's jump into the end
portal here we go
jump I'm
scared
okay uh I'm going to need to build a
bridge that
way and I'm not going to look at the
Enderman no
I'm building a
bridge oh this is
scary I hear the
dragon the dragon's up
there I can hear it
roaring okay let's go let's
go I'm going to jump down down
uhoh run run run
run
oh I'm hiding I'm
hiding okay I'm going to dig a staircase
upward
up I can hear lots of Endermen around
me oh here we are we've reached the
surface I'm going to eat some
bread all right now I'm going to go up
and look around up up
up whoa
okay I'm going to go up up up
up I'm climbing up this
Tower up up up
uh-oh
uh-oh okay I'll use
endstone up up up
up
destroy I'm going to shoot
these things shoot
uhoh shoot uhoh uhoh
no
wow
well well that was
horrible that was
horrible I died so fast
well I guess I'm going to go back there
and try to fight him again this time I'm
going to build a
bed a
bed okay I'll take some
tools
um and I'll take some
armor armor some food
okay I'm going to sleep all right it's
morning let's go it's going to take me a
long time to run all the way back
there wow once again I'm above the
clouds I'm above the
clouds and
now now I'm
below the
clouds all right let's continue oh I can
see the jungle trees over there which
means I'm getting
close that
way oh and there's the pool of lava all
right I'm in the
jungle I'm really close
now I need to start looking for my tall
tower
oh there it is my
okay I'm going to hurry so I can see if
my stuff is still there okay now I'm
going to place my
bed
Place respawn Point set that means if I
die again in the end World I'll respawn
right here at my bed all right back to
the end
jump I'm going to try to quickly pick up
all of my things run run run
run hopefully it's still
there eat some
melons the Ender Dragon is really
strong my
stuff
back down
okay pH few I picked up all of my
stuff okay I put on all of my diamond
armor
great my sword my bow okay right now I'm
going to mine and collect a bunch of
this
endstone
mine
okay
endstone I picked up a bunch of
endstone all right and I'll use it to
build upward so I can reach the tops of
those
Towers okay I'm going to eat a
potato all right let's go up
up up let's
go wow so many Enderman so many Enderman
I'm going to shoot those
orbs oh I need to get
closer
shoot got it I'm going to try to shoot
that
one
Higher got it all right oh
now the next
one got
it next one I'm going to go
up no no Enderman no no
no
up I'm going to drink my
potion and continue building
up
okay let's destroy this and I'll shoot
that one shoot and I'll shoot that
one I think I got it
shoot I got it
okay two
remaining the last two have cages around
them so I'll need to destroy the cages
first okay I'm going to jump down with
my potion of slow falling
jump
uh-oh
okay I'm going to eat some
bread all right let's go
up okay here I
am I did it d
down
jump last
one
ah okay let's go
up up up up here we are that's all of
them I destroyed all of the
orbs
[Music]
die I punched it with a pot
okay here we
go now I'm going to shoot the Ender
Dragon come here Ender
Dragon die die die die
die I missed every shot
die die die I hit it I'm hitting
him
die die I'm going to hit him with my
sword
whoa it launched the
Enderman I feel like I'm playing
Skyrim die die die die die
die die I'm going to hit him with my
sword uhoh uhoh
eat uh-oh hey no no uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh
uh-oh die die die
wow I'm trying to fight the Ender Dragon
not
Enderman die die
ah go away
Enderman
die die ah I hate
Enderman I'm going to wait here and heal
a little
bit I'm getting
him
run run run running away the Ender
Dragon is at less than half
Health
aha come on come
on
H the Ender Dragon is really difficult
to
hit
die
die I need to
eat die oh I'm so
close the Ender Dragon only has a little
bit of Health
left here we go here we go one
more I did
it whoa
we did
it look at all of this
XP we finally did it we killed the Ender
Dragon
XP
wow whoa look now I'm level
66 we did
it whoa and look at that it's an
egg it's a dragon
egg I'm going to pick up this dragon
egg oh
no oh there it
is
what the egg keeps on
moving do I have to use my
hand
no
hey come here
egg
egg come here egg
egg I'm going to shoot
[Music]
it I shot the
egg I'm standing
on top of the
egg the dragon egg I'm
jumping but I can't pick it up
no it
vanishes well I guess I can't pick up
the dragon
egg well now that I've slain the Ender
Dragon
how do I get back Alexa how do you pick
up the Ender Dragon
egg players in Minecraft must employ a
piston to cause the Ender Dragon egg to
fall and make it available for
collection this is because the egg has
the peculiar property of teleporting
when picked
up oh all right
well I guess I need to jump in here to
go back to the real
world let's try it
jump well we did it we finally beat
Minecraft it took me
episodes I
think I see the player you mean taxi
evasion
2048 yes take
care oh and here I am back in the
stronghold well we did it
we beat the Ender
[Music]
Dragon but there is one more thing that
I want to try players in Minecraft must
employ a piston to cause the Ender
drag first I'm going to search for some
iron down
here
iron oh a
chest red
stone I was going to look for some red
stone so this is great I'll pick up the
Redstone who a
cave some
iron all right I finally found some iron
I'll use my fortune
pickaxe and I'll throw away some
copper
iron okay six iron that should be
enough all right back to the end
portal okay here we are at the end
portal and finally I'm going to go back
up to the surface and pick up some
wood up the long
staircase all right here we are I'm
going to use my
Axe and pick up some wood
uh-oh
wood okay skeleton
die die all right I picked up six logs
up there at the surface now I'm going to
turn these logs into
planks I'm going to build a crafting
table crafting
table I will place
it and I'll use it to build a
furnace a furnace
I'll place the
furnace use coal as fuel and I will
begin smelting this
iron
cool and now I'll wait for the iron to
smelt come
on all right three
iron
now p i s t o
n all right now I'm going to build a
piston die die die
die
ah now I'm going to build a piston p i s
t n here we go
piston
sticks I'll throw away this rotten flesh
throw
away and using sticks and Redstone I'll
build a redstone
torch um once again I'll throw away the
rotten
flesh all
right
cool now I'm going to go back to the end
world let's jump through the portal
jump back to the end World here we are
I'm going to start searching for the
Ender Dragon egg
where did it go I thought it was down
here but I don't see
it
egg where did the egg
go I don't see it
anywhere oh well I can't find the dragon
egg
back through the portal all right back
here in the
stronghold so on the positive side I
slayed the Ender Dragon and beat
Minecraft
finally but on the negative side I lost
the dragon egg so I'm going to end this
video right here but just because I beat
the Dragon doesn't mean that I'm going
to stop playing Minecraft no I'm going
to continue playing
Minecraft here on the
channel after all there are still two
other bosses in
Minecraft there's the Wither and there's
the baron down in the deep dark so thank
you so much for watching if you like
this video please click the like button
or subscribe to my channel and as always
I will see you again in the next video
see
you tight space it's my escape
room